# CS300
## What was the problem you were solving in the projects for this course?
The goal of this project was to design software to assist an advising department for a theroretical university. I was to have functionality for reading a course data file, a menu presenting options for the user, loading a data structure with information from the data file, printing out every course in alphanumeric order, and the ability to search for a course returning its information.
## How did you approach the problem?
I started by trying to determine which data structure I would find most beneficial for this project. We were given the options of potentially using a vector, hash table, or a binary search tree. We had previously developed code using each data structure for a different problem, so this project ultimately came down to which worked best for this and which was most efficient. I chose to use a binary search tree as it would immediately solve the organizing the courses into alphanumeric order. In addition, implementing a binary search tree felt the most natural to implement during its initial assignment. Some of the queries done through it are slightly slower than the other data structures, but I believe the benefits far outweight the downfalls.
## How did you overcome any roadblocks you encountered while going through the activities or project?
When I would run into issues I would initially consult our textbook. If I was still having issues, I would attempt to look through a previous assignment where we using similar code and try to troubleshoot mine using code I knew worked. Finally if I was still having issues I would trying looking online for solutions, either through people having similar issues, or finding similar projects who had solved the issues I was having.
## How has your work on this project expanded your approach to designing software and developing programs?
This project has providing a lot of knowledge on deciding which data structure to use for an individual problem and just how important it is to use one for the individual project at hand. All of the extra individual knowledge of c++ that came with each individual assignment and project will continue to come with me throughout the remainder of my courses as well as my future careers.
## How has your work on this project evolved the way you write programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable?
The entire codebase of the final project is able to be reused with modifications depending on what I would need the code to do in the other project.
